Create 2025-10-21-collections-are-one-of-the-super-killer-features-of… (#535)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/2025/2025-10-21-collections-are-one-of-the-super-killer-features-of-galaxy.md

---
media:
 - bluesky-brc
 - bluesky-galaxyproject
 - bluesky-vgp
 - linkedin-brc
 - linkedin-galaxyproject
 - mastodon-brc
 - mastodon-eu-freiburg
 - mastodon-galaxyproject
 - mastodon-vgp
 - matrix-eu-announce
---

> Dataset collections are one of Galaxy's super-hyper-powers. Read this blog https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-10-21-whycollections/ and watch this video https://youtu.be/yehY9tR_NX8?si=YH9CZ5KGWm2yVyPA. Then ask yourself: "Why wasn't I using collections all along?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discover one of Galaxy’s true superpowers — dataset collections! 🌟
Check out the blog (https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-10-21-whycollections/) and video (https://youtu.be/yehY9tR_NX8?si=YH9CZ5KGWm2yVyPA) to see how they can simplify your workflows.
You might just find yourself wondering, “Why wasn’t I using collections all along?”
```
